Restmapper from config (#726)
giantswarm/chart-operator: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Changed

> - Pass RESTMapper to helmclient to reduce the number of REST API calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pass RESTMapper to helmclient to reduce the number of REST API calls.
- Updated Helm to v3.5.3.
```

@tomahawk28 Can we add this?

So we don't need https://github.com/giantswarm/chart-operator/pull/727

Author: Sure, looks good 👍

> - Handover RESTMapper object to helmclient to reduce the number of REST API calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pass RESTMapper to helmclient to reduce the number of REST API calls.
```

Could we go with this as its a bit shorter?

Author: Looks better, Thanks!
